---
description: What is a degen anyway?
---

# Degen culture

If crypto has taught us anything, it's that we are all degens, whether we want to acknowledge it or not. Degen is not community, degen is a way of life. Whether you are aping into this new hyped project, you get rekt shorting the bottom on 100x leverage, or you became a bagholder waiting for that lambo, you are truly a degen. Many don't know and think it's something exclusive to crypto, but the term degenerate art was used by the Nazi regime in Germany to describe virtually all modern art. Such art was banned on the grounds that it was un-German or Jewish Bolshevist in nature, and those identified as degenerate artists were subjected to sanctions. These included being dismissed from teaching positions, being forbidden to exhibit or to sell their art, and in some cases being arrested and imprisoned. Modern degen culture is the underground culture that does not try to frame itself as something that it's not. It is authenticity with a sprinkle of meme-based humor. One important similarity with the Taoist way that we can learn is to not fight the human nature, and choose the path of least resistance. Critics of the degen culture claim that it is driven by greed and that its members are more concerned with making money than with the technology itself, but if it were so, we were all be bankers. As all people do, we might be weak, biased, and make the same mistake multiple times, but if anything - Apes together strong! We think that this authenticity brought us to crypto in the first place, and even though we faced a lot of scammers, we made true friends along the way. This culture is one of the things that makes the cryptocurrency community so special. It is a community that is not afraid to be itself, and it is a community that is not afraid to show the world what it is really about.

