# Legal Disclaimer

DUE TO COUNTRY-SPECIFIC REGULATIONS, BUYING AND SELLING $ROSHI TOKENS IS NOT POSSIBLE FOR U.S. RESIDENTS AND CITIZENS.

The $ROSHI Token, issued by KENSHO Labs Ltd., Zurich, Switzerland, does not constitute an investment and is not a security. There are other crypto coins or tokens in the market that either explicitly or implicitly are securities or that are intended to have the characteristics of securities and that promise or that are intended to provide a return to investors in a manner comparable to the types of returns expected by equity investors. The $ROSHI Token, however, is not such an investment. The user is expected to buy and hold the $ROSHI in order to gain access to exclusive memberships or the like. The $ROSHI Token does further not create or confer any enforceable contractual or other obligations against the DAO. The User therefore understands and acknowledges that the $ROSHI does not, and shall not be construed to, grant to the User any license or right of any nature with respect to any intellectual property rights, rights of publicity, or equivalent rights in or related to the DAO or any of its affiliates. The User understands and acknowledges that the DAO has the right to add and remove Token Functionalities at any time at their sole discretion. Since the addition of Token Functionalities by the DAO is not guaranteed, the User is aware of the fact that the $ROSHI may not provide the User with any Token Functionalities at all. Further, Users should only purchase tokens in such quantities as will actually be used by such User in the foreseeable future.
